Okay, that’s it for today’s lesson.
Hey, teacher, when can I inherit the Jiang family's property?
Good question.
Take the current status quo and your average level of governance into consideration.
I suggest you change your learning goals.
Ah, is he scolding me, but I can't understand.
Oops, I didn’t let him attend class today. Are you trying to slander me?
I almost got led away by your nose.
If you are not a cow, why should I lead you by the nose?
So what exactly is going on?
Actually, I don't have a good impression of Jiang Mian either.
If you want me to help you, you can
But how much help do you want from me?
You'll have to pay the same revenge
I can help you keep an eye on Jiang Mian
But you have to answer me a question first
Ours is Jiang Jiang and Xiao Jiang
you want revenge
Why is Xiao Jianshan of Xiao Group
I think I've heard of it
Zhilinjiang Province has recently climbed up the ranks.
But there is no way to compare with our Jiang family.
not them
How could he know Xiao Jianshan?